>> Brian Holt: So this is Modal right now.
Here's my suggestion, too, if you're gonna
start converting one of your projects over
to TypeScript,
start it at some sort of leaf node.
You don't wanna start at the top,
don't start at app.js,
cuz that's gonna be a real painful thing.
Instead, start at something like Modal,
which is Modal's not really
importing anything else here, right?
It's just self-contained, so these
self-contained components are a really
good candidate for
converting over to TypeScript.
Cuz now, if I convert Modal to being in
TypeScript, anything that imports Modal,
when I go to convert that, we'll already
have TypeScript definitions available for
it, which makes it easier to
convert the entire project.
Believe me, as someone that has
converted a project of both Flow and
another project to TypeScript,
this helps a lot.
So with TypeScript, it's really easy
to opt in to TypeScript checking.
I'm just gonna open this in my finder
here, so you can see here modal.js.
I'm just going to right click on here and
say rename.
And I'm gonna rename it from .js to .tsx.
Now why not just ts,
it was just called js before.
With TypeScript, you have to call it tsx.
Otherwise, TypeScript
won't understand the jsx.
So whereas js and jsx, that's optional,
it's your opinion, tsx is required.
You have to call it tsx.
Okay, so now we have modal.tsx.
And I'm gonna close this.
Now, check out this.el business.
What's going on?
Why is that not working?
Well, TypeScript is gonna kind of tie
your hands in a bunch of stuff and
make you do things that you
may not necessarily wanna do.
In this case,
we're referring to this.el and
we haven't told TypeScript about anything
on this that it can reference to.
So we have to tell TypeScript
up front what is this.el.
So the first thing I'm gonna
do here at the top above
the,
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Let's do it this way.
>> Brian Holt: There's a couple
ways we could do this.
I could say private el, and
this would solve it, but
since we're using class properties,
let's just convert it all the way and
just say it's this.
>> Brian Holt: And
now I can get rid of constructor.
So this takes care of everything here.
>> Brian Holt: And this private, this
is actually a thing for Typescript and
not necessarily for JavaScript.
It's private in the sense that
only Modal can access it.
But the actual enforcement mechanism for
this is type script.
So if in another class, they're trying to
access private.el, it's gonna say, uh-uh,
that's a private one, I'm not gonna
let you compile unless you fix that.
So you can actually
enforce this public and
private things that we're
not able to do before.
All these other methods though,
they are public, and
we need to denote them as such.
So public, render public component
amount and public component amount.
Why are they public?
React is calling them, right?
So it has to be public or React wouldn't
technically be able to access it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so that happens there.
And I think,
>> Brian Holt: So
last thing here.
>> Brian Holt: Modal route
should be an HTML element.
This is another nice thing about
TypeScript because we get more and
more deep into it.
You can hover over anything, and
it's gonna tell you what it is, right?
This should be an HTML element.
What happens if Modal is undefined though?
This is gonna error.
So with TypeScript,
we're gonna have to say here,
you have to be more
defensive with TypeScript.
if (modalRoot),
this is called the type refinement
appendChild,
>> Brian Holt: And
same here because modalRoot
can potentially be undefined.
>> Brian Holt: There you go,
now Modal is all TypeScriptified.
>> Brian Holt: So
now if we go into any other component,
we have access to type
definitions in Modal.
And it'll do type checking for
us on everything that is coming in and
out of Modal.